README.md, before:

A software engineer, building [syntackle.com](https://syntackle.com)

I break and fix code as a software engineer. Bugs are on my most wanted list. I write a lot (wanna [join me](https://syntackle.com/write/)?) and have published articles on several publications including css-tricks and freeCodeCamp.

Javascript is one of my favs and it's even better with Typescript. You can find me coding on my projects such as [rssed](https://rssed.netlify.app) and [better](https://github.com/murtuzaalisurti/better), or writing on my blog.

Some of my recent writings:

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Server Sent Events 101](https://syntackle.com/blog/server-sent-events/)
- [&quot;this&quot; Keyword in Arrow Functions](https://syntackle.com/blog/this-keyword-in-arrow-functions-javascript/)
- [5 Newsletters Every Developer Should Read](https://syntackle.com/blog/five-newsletters-every-developer-should-read/)
- [I tried &quot;window.ai&quot; in Chrome](https://syntackle.com/blog/window-ai-in-chrome/)
- [Create a Node Server using Hono under 10 Lines of Code](https://syntackle.com/blog/node-http-server-using-hono/)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

Feel free to reach out on my [socials](https://murtuzaalisurti.github.io/#socials). And, lastly, I love open-source. ❤️

Commit message:

feat: include terminal profile card

README.md, after:

A software engineer, building [syntackle.com](https://syntackle.com)

I break and fix code as a software engineer. Bugs are on my most wanted list. I write a lot (wanna [join me](https://syntackle.com/write/)?) and have published articles on several publications including css-tricks and freeCodeCamp.

Javascript is one of my favs and it's even better with Typescript. You can find me coding on my projects such as [rssed](https://rssed.netlify.app) and [better](https://github.com/murtuzaalisurti/better), or writing on my blog.

You can also find me on your terminal:

```bash
npx murtuzaalisurti
```

Some of my recent writings:

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Server Sent Events 101](https://syntackle.com/blog/server-sent-events/)
- [&quot;this&quot; Keyword in Arrow Functions](https://syntackle.com/blog/this-keyword-in-arrow-functions-javascript/)
- [5 Newsletters Every Developer Should Read](https://syntackle.com/blog/five-newsletters-every-developer-should-read/)
- [I tried &quot;window.ai&quot; in Chrome](https://syntackle.com/blog/window-ai-in-chrome/)
- [Create a Node Server using Hono under 10 Lines of Code](https://syntackle.com/blog/node-http-server-using-hono/)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

Feel free to reach out on my [socials](https://murtuzaalisurti.github.io/#socials). And, lastly, I love open-source. ❤️
